Notes about other bots:

Botimus Prime 2.5:
    Incredible accuracy. It seems to be aware of its hitbox and is able to place a plane of it exactly how it wants, resulting in consistent goals from any angle.
    Has perfect timing to predicted balls. Does not hesitate between various predicted balls.
    Able to jump up for those balls, but not too high.
    Will smash the wall into its own corner to clear the ball, can even result in wall pinches.
    Will collect boost when the enemy has ball control.
    Willing to patiently sit mid-field on 100 boost when the enemy is closer to the ball.
    Never ever powerslides, from what I can tell. But is great at reducing throttle to take sharp turns.
    Mostly wins by taking massive shots across the field into the net.
    Really good saves.
    Has a ShadowDefense strategy.

Kamael:
    Will double jump high in the sky to touch the ball before almost any other bot, even if weakly, he can catch the ball and continue with a dribble, flick, score.
    Also seems to be quite accurate with good predictions and hitbox awareness, but not nearly as ruthless as Botimus.
    Goes backwards quite often.
    Tries to dribble a lot. Can flick nicely.
    Doesn't pick up boost on purpose?

NV Derevo:
    An atba with prediction?
    If have boost: boost
    Own goals

Beast From The East:
    Can correct orientation
    Not very accurate shooting
    Follows curves, sometimes?
    Very rarely powerslides, but controls throttle to follow those curves.
    The two circles drawn to his sides are his turning radius at his current speed. Pretty cool, that.

Self-Driving Car:
    Very accurate with hitbox-awareness. (Doesn't need to curve around the ball to angle a shot, just makes sure to touch it with the perfect part of his hitbox.)
    Can wait for a predicted ball, jump up and hit it.
    Will go up the wall and hit off-the-wall aerials. Terrifying.
    Will turtle when he knows he's scored.
    Seems to consider enemies near the ball, and won't make an offensive move until the enemy fucks themselves up.
    Will challenge a ball being dribbled.
    Will boost downwards to recover?
    If the ball is directly above the enemy goal (due to having rolled up) he will try to jump up for it and score it every time.
    Will hit the ball into the enemy corner to gain advantage.
    Does not make tiny adjustments to gain 100 boost (even when the boost pad is pixels away from his route)
    Does not waste boost when he doesn't need to.
    Will take weak lovetaps instead of catching the ball and dribbling.
    Somewhat frequently misses predicted balls - as if he simulated himself to get there faster, but didn't adjust his approach based on new predictions.

ReliefBot:
    I first put him up against SDC and he didn't get to show off much.
    Uses the RLUtilities Aerial it seems, but I didn't see it pull off a good one.
    Can dribble okay-ish?